                                                                              Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how we collect, protect and use the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") provided on the App and any of its products or services (collectively, "App" or "Services"). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms on the App. You can choose not to provide us with certain information. Apps that do not access any personal and sensitive user data.

COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit the Website, we automatically record information that your browser sends. That may include information such as your IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Web, access times and dates, and other statistics.

USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Any of the information we collect from you, it may be used to send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc. run and operate our Website and Services. Non-personal information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Website traffic and usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.

DATA DELETION POLICY
Purpose
This document sets out our policy for responding to requests for deletion of data. This document explains the rights of the data subject in relation to data deletion and the responsibilities of ShopDoora Co., Ltd in responding with such a request.

Individual Rights
An individual has the right to erasure, also known as the right to be forgotten. The principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.

Data Deletion Request
Our Service may give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. You may update, amend, or delete your information at any time by signing in to your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your personal information.

You can request to delete your data from our systems by the following steps:

Sign in to your Account...
Click My Profile, and navigate to Delete Account.
In the Delete Account section, click the reason why you want to delete.
And then, click Delete My Account.
If you wish to have your personal information deleted from our systems, you can submit a data deletion request by contacting us at care@shopdoora.com or through our data deletion request form.
How can data be deleted?
A user of ShopDoora, can delete the user account upon request (via email to care@shopdoora.com). This data is deleted from the system immediately and cannot be recovered by any users or ShopDoora employees after this point. Data which has been deleted or otherwise destroyed cannot be recovered at any time. Sufficient warning is given to the account administrator before data are permanently deleted. Data may still remain in the systems back-up files, which will be deleted periodically.

Data Deletion Timeline
Information may be deleted from our eCommerce upon request to care@shopdoora.com. We undertake to perform the deletion within one month (30 calendar days) and will send you a confirmation once the information has been deleted. Wherever possible, we will aim to complete the request in advance of the deadline.

What information does ShopDoora retain?
ShopDoora stores data about individuals in order to create a recycling report. We store name, e-mail and subsequent recycling item for each individual in order to create a report, which is stored on our secure servers in Myanmar. These data are stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which can be found at: https://shopdoora.com/privacypolicy/. If consent is provided, personal data (including the above, plus address, telephone number and notes) may be stored in our eCommerce system for the purposes of contacting you regarding ShopDoora news, products and promotions.

CHILDREN
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Website or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through our Website or Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information at our Website or Service, please inform us.

NEWSLETTERS
We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe at any time. If you'd prefer not to updates such as newsletter or marketing information, you can manage your preferences or unsubscribe from all.

COOKIES
We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.

ADVERTISEMENT
We may display online advertisements and we may share aggregated and non-identifying information about our customers that we collect through the registration process or through online surveys and promotions with certain advertisers. We do not share personally identifiable information about individual customers with advertisers. In some instances, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements to the intended audience.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Website contains links to other websites that are not administered or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware once you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect personal information.

INFORMATION SECURITY
We secure your information in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of personal information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts.

DATA BREACH
In the event that the security of the Website has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is required by law. Once we aware this, we will communicate to you this concern.

LEGAL DISCLOSURE
We disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account and personal data will likely be among the assets to be transferred.

CHANGES AND AMENDMENTS
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy relating to our Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this privacy policy at our Website. When we do we notify to you via email. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

Disclaimer
This is the official site of ShopDoora Co., Ltd has been developed to provide general information to the visitors. The documents and information displayed in this site are for reference purposes only.

The content at our site is updated on a continual basis. We attempt to keep its web information accurate, complete and timely. However, ShopDoora Co., Ltd makes no representation that the information, material, text, graphics, hyperlinks, and other items contained on the site are accurate, error-free or complete nor is the content represented or warranted to be accurate or complete. In particular, the information about pricing, specifications, availability and other information about products is subject to actual verification by you and subject to change without notice. It is possible that there could be errors or omissions in the information provided in this site. The information could also be incomplete. ShopDoora Co., Ltd is not responsible for any errors, omissions or representations on any of our pages or any links on any of our pages. We do not endorse in anyway any advertisers on our web pages. Please confirm the veracity of all information, material, text, graphics, hyperlinks and other items on your own before undertaking any reliance.

The Company is neither responsible nor liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system, nor for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of this site or with respect to the material contained at this site.

The linked sites are not controlled by ShopDoora Co., Ltd and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of further link does not imply endorsement by our site.

Disclaimer of warranties

You expressly understand and agree that:

We are not legally responsible for the information given at our site and your use of the service or this site is at your own risk. The same is provided to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The Company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement at our site.

We do not guarantee that:

this site will meet your requirements, the service or this site will be uninterrupted, the results that may be obtained from the use of this site will be accurate or reliable, any information or other material obtained by you through this site will meet your expectations, and any errors in this site will be corrected.

We hereby expressly disclaim any implied warranties imputed by the laws of any jurisdiction.

ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.

CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us:
By email: care@shopdoora.com
This document was last updated in July, 2023.
